server/storage/models/README.md, before:

# Native models used by AnythingLLM

This folder is specifically created as a local cache and storage folder that is used for native models that can run on a CPU.

Currently, AnythingLLM uses this folder for the following parts of the application.

## Embedding
When your embedding engine preference is `native` we will use the ONNX **all-MiniLM-L6-v2** model built by [Xenova on HuggingFace.co](https://huggingface.co/Xenova/all-MiniLM-L6-v2). This model is a quantized and WASM version of the popular [all-MiniLM-L6-v2](https://huggingface.co/sentence-transformers/all-MiniLM-L6-v2) which produces a 384-dimension vector.

If you are using the `native` embedding engine your vector database should be configured to accept 384-dimension models if that parameter is directly editable (Pinecone only).

## Text generation (LLM selection)
> [!IMPORTANT]
> Use of a locally running LLM model is **experimental** and may behave unexpectedly, crash, or not function at all.
> We suggest for production-use of a local LLM model to use a purpose-built inference server like [LocalAI](https://localai.io) or [LMStudio](https://lmstudio.ai).

> [!TIP]
> We recommend at _least_ using a 4-bit or 5-bit quantized model for your LLM. Lower quantization models tend to
> just output unreadable garbage.

If you would like to use a local Llama compatible LLM model for chatting you can select any model from this [HuggingFace search filter](https://huggingface.co/models?pipeline_tag=text-generation&library=gguf&other=text-generation-inference&sort=trending)

**Requirements**
- Model must be in the latest `GGUF` format
- Model should be compatible with latest `llama.cpp`
- You should have the proper RAM to run such a model. Requirement depends on model size.

### Where do I put my GGUF model?
> [!IMPORTANT]
> If running in Docker you should be running the container to a mounted storage location on the host machine so you
> can update the storage files directly without having to re-download or re-build your docker container. [See suggested Docker config](../../../README.md#recommended-usage-with-docker-easy)

All local models you want to have available for LLM selection should be placed in the `storage/models/downloaded` folder. Only `.gguf` files will be allowed to be selected from the UI.

Commit message:

docs: placeholder for model downloads folder (#446)

server/storage/models/README.md, after:

# Native models used by AnythingLLM

This folder is specifically created as a local cache and storage folder that is used for native models that can run on a CPU.

Currently, AnythingLLM uses this folder for the following parts of the application.

## Embedding
When your embedding engine preference is `native` we will use the ONNX **all-MiniLM-L6-v2** model built by [Xenova on HuggingFace.co](https://huggingface.co/Xenova/all-MiniLM-L6-v2). This model is a quantized and WASM version of the popular [all-MiniLM-L6-v2](https://huggingface.co/sentence-transformers/all-MiniLM-L6-v2) which produces a 384-dimension vector.

If you are using the `native` embedding engine your vector database should be configured to accept 384-dimension models if that parameter is directly editable (Pinecone only).

## Text generation (LLM selection)
> [!IMPORTANT]
> Use of a locally running LLM model is **experimental** and may behave unexpectedly, crash, or not function at all.
> We suggest for production-use of a local LLM model to use a purpose-built inference server like [LocalAI](https://localai.io) or [LMStudio](https://lmstudio.ai).

> [!TIP]
> We recommend at _least_ using a 4-bit or 5-bit quantized model for your LLM. Lower quantization models tend to
> just output unreadable garbage.

If you would like to use a local Llama compatible LLM model for chatting you can select any model from this [HuggingFace search filter](https://huggingface.co/models?pipeline_tag=text-generation&library=gguf&other=text-generation-inference&sort=trending)

**Requirements**
- Model must be in the latest `GGUF` format
- Model should be compatible with latest `llama.cpp`
- You should have the proper RAM to run such a model. Requirement depends on model size.

### Where do I put my GGUF model?
> [!IMPORTANT]
> If running in Docker you should be running the container to a mounted storage location on the host machine so you
> can update the storage files directly without having to re-download or re-build your docker container. [See suggested Docker config](../../../README.md#recommended-usage-with-docker-easy)

> [!NOTE]
> `/server/storage/models/downloaded` is the default location that your model files should be at. 
> Your storage directory may differ if you changed the STORAGE_DIR environment variable.

All local models you want to have available for LLM selection should be placed in the `server/storage/models/downloaded` folder. Only `.gguf` files will be allowed to be selected from the UI.
